20161031 test file CLIN2017 shared task: 17th century - 21st century Dutch

This directory contain a sample file of a translation of
17th century Dutch to 21st century Dutch. It consists of
about a thousand words of "Den Neder-landschen herbarius
ofte kruid-boek der voornaamste kruiden" by Steven Blankaart
from 1698, source: http://dbnl.nl/tekst/blan012nede01_01/

There are two versions of the text: the original version
from 1698 (blankaart.tok) and a translated version 
(blankaartT.tok). Both versions have already been tokenized.
The translated version contains two non-text features:

word_word: attached words with an underscore (_) indicate
           words from the original text which have been
           split in the translation, e.g. "van_de" which
           originally was "des".

word+word: attached words with a plus sign (+) indicate
           words from the orginal text which have been
           combined in the translation, e.g. "zo+als" which
           originally was "soo als".

The split and combined word markers were introduced in the
translated text to make it possible to have exactly the same
number of tokens in the translation as in the original text.
You may choose alternative methods but note that it is
desirable to be able to link the translated tokens back to
the original tokens for future processing (for example
part-of-speech tagging).

Ideally your translation system would produce output which
includes the two non-text characters. However, you may
choose to ignore them and replace the underscores by spaces
and do the same to the plus signs or remove them (thus
linking the linked word parts). If you do this, please note
this when you submit your results so that we can evaluate
the output of your system in the proper way.

The test files submitted in January 2017, will be in the
same format as blankaart.tok: a tokenized 17th century text.
The gold standard translated text will be released after
everyone has submitted their translations.

